civil defense teams in Gaza have never
been this
busy it's time for paramedics rescue and
firefighting Personnel to head out since
Israel began its war on Gaza civil
defense teams in the strip have been
working around the clock and under
trying
circumstances they accuse the Israeli
military of intentionally destroying
their
stations the situation on the ground is
dire all civil defense stations in the
north and Central provinces of Gaza have
been destroyed by Israeli strikes
Israeli troops intentionally targeted
civil defense
equipment despite the destruction rescue
teams continue to operate saving
hundreds of
lives they have have been rare moments
to celebrate a
rescue but lack of equipment and fuel is
affecting their ability to save more
lives at times teams have had to use
their bare hands to pull out the injured
from the
rubble gaza's Health Ministry says
nearly 8,000 people are missing the
majority are feared to be under the
debris of bombed out
buildings
we have responded to more than 4,000
emergency calls in the past few days
alone we also fought a massive fire
despite the fact that anra has not
supplied us with any
fuel the Israeli bombing campaign has
destroyed much of the infrastructure
including roads making it even harder
for
Rescuers Telecom blackouts are also
hampering their
work we call on the international civil
defense organization to live up to its
role and to cater to our needs under
these circumstances we call on the UN to
act swiftly to meet our
needs around 50 Personnel have been
killed during operations so far several
teams have also come under direct
Israeli attack despite the dangers they
continue to work with limited resources
and no guarantees of their
safety umum Sharif Al
jaer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer